Added readme content. (#4)
guilherme-pohlmann/Kapper: README.md

# Kapper

Kapper is extremely inspired by [Dapper](https://github.com/StackExchange/Dapper). 
You could say it is Dapper for Kotlin.

It's designed to be very fast and very lightweight, with little dependencies overhead to your application.

## How does it work

When you execute a `Query` through Kapper, it uses reflection just the first time, to scan your `ResultSet`
and your target object and generate JVM ByteCode at runtime using [ASM](https://asm.ow2.io/).

### Example

Consider the following Kotlin class

```kotlin

class Person(val name: String, val age: Int)

```

And the following `Kapper DSL` code

```kotlin

val list = con.execute<Person> {
   query { "SELECT Name, Age FROM Person WHERE Age > ?" }
   params {
      named {
          "Age" `=` 18
       }
   }
}

``` 

> Internally, generates a `Mapper Class` specific for this Query and this return type (`Person`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Internally, it generates a `Mapper Class` specific for this Query, with a return type (`Person`).
```

The decompiled Mapper Class bytecode will look like this:

```java

//The number is a hash genereted by Kapper for this map.

> public class PessoaMapper8791156489 {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
public class PersonMapper8791156489 {
```

    public static Person mapper(ResultSet result) throws SQLException {
        return new Person(result.getString("name"), result.getInt("age"));
    }
}

``` 

Things to note:

> - The check for rows on the `ResultSet` is done earlier, so whenever it gets in the mapper, it has rows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The check for rows on the `ResultSet`is made at the very begining, so whenever it calls the mapper, it has rows.
```

- This mapper is calling the constructor directly, because the class declared a constructor that matches all returned rows. If that was not da case, Kapper will look for a parameterless constructor, invoke it, and generate code to map property by property, calling its setters.
- The parameterless constructor doesn't have to be public, however, non public constructor may have a little performance impact.

> - It also work if you provide a constructor with default values for all properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It also works if you provide a constructor with default values for all properties.
```

## Features

The current implementation provides the extension function `execute` to JDBC `Connection` class. 
The function takes a DSL that allow the user to provide the query and named parameters (as shown above).

> Even though the DSL allows named parameters, for now it uses JDBC positional parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Even though named parameters are allowed in the DSL, for now it uses JDBC positional parameters.
```
